[OSDOCS-6908] IMDSv2 Documentation wrongly under Node Management (#62606)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-with-customizations-cli.adoc

? Disable Workload monitoring (optional): No
I: Creating cluster '<cluster_name>'
I: To create this cluster again in the future, you can run:
   rosa create cluster --cluster-name <cluster_name> --role-arn arn:aws:iam::<aws_account_id>:role/ManagedOpenShift-Installer-Role --support-role-arn arn:aws:iam::<aws_account_id>:role/ManagedOpenShift-Support-Role --master-iam-role arn:aws:iam::<aws_account_id>:role/ManagedOpenShift-ControlPlane-Role --worker-iam-role arn:aws:iam::<aws_account_id>:role/ManagedOpenShift-Worker-Role --operator-roles-prefix <cluster_name>-<random_string> --region us-east-1 --version 4.8.9 --compute-nodes 2 --machine-cidr 10.0.0.0/16 --service-cidr 172.30.0.0/16 --pod-cidr 10.128.0.0/14 --host-prefix 23 <8>
I: To view a list of clusters and their status, run 'rosa list clusters'
I: Cluster '<cluster_name>' has been created.
I: Once the cluster is installed you will need to add an Identity Provider before you can login into the cluster. See 'rosa create idp --help' for more information.
...
----
<1> When creating the cluster, the listed `OpenShift version` options include the major, minor, and patch versions, for example `4.13.4`.

> <2> Optional: By default (optional) all EC2 instances will use both v1 and v2 endpoints of EC2 Instance Metadata Service (IMDS). Enforce to have cluster nodes use IMDSv2 only (required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Optional: Specify "optional" to configure all EC2 instances to use both v1 and v2 endpoints of EC2 Instance Metadata Service (IMDS). This is the default value. Specify "required" to configure all EC2 instances to use IMDSv2 only.
```
I found this section confusing, so I took a shot at rewording it for clarity. What do you think?

Author: I like it; makes more sense. Thanks!

> <2> Optional: Specify "optional" to configure all EC2 instances to use both v1 and v2 endpoints of EC2 Instance Metadata Service (IMDS). This is the default value. Specify "required" to configure all EC2 instances to use IMDSv2 only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> Optional: Specify `optional` to configure all EC2 instances to use both v1 and v2 endpoints of EC2 Instance Metadata Service (IMDS). This is the default value. Specify "required" to configure all EC2 instances to use IMDSv2 only.
```

Author: Done
